Chuu: We’re leaving soon!
Go Won: Right, the airplane is preparing for running...!
Chuu: Take-off!
Olivia Hye: It’s fun!
Yves & Olivia Hye: Wow~!
(View above the sky from airplane is always beautiful!)
(Two girls are eating Western food!)
Go Won: Bread is just an appetizer!
Go Won: Then I will eat beef!
Chuu: However it’s too small!
Chuu: Fighting!
(And the other two girl are eating Korean food!)
Olivia Hye: Delicious!
(Who’s the girl playing Tetris?)
(It’s Olivia Hye!)
(And who’s the girl watching the kitty documentary?)
(It’s Go Won!)
(During the flight, they slept...)
(and ate some pizza bread)
(and monitored the choreography for the new song...)
(After a long long flight...)
(They arrived at Prague, a stopover on the way to Budapest!)